[Music]
twelve main differences between men and
women men are from mars women are from
venus whether you agree with this
statement or not there are some science
back differences between male and
females that are too hard to deny before
we have a look at them don't forget to
subscribe to our channel and turn on
post notifications to stay on top of our
updates twelve men and women get dressed
in a different sequence very few people
have probably noticed this but most
women get dressed from top to bottom
first putting on a blouse or shirt and
then their pants or a skirt men however
usually go the other way
first socks and jeans then they put on
their shirt 11 women are less inclined
to take risks
women have always been thought of as the
caregivers of society that's why they
have a tendency to be more worried about
others a lot of men however are more
willing to throw caution to the wind
while both genders have been known to
shout Yolo before doing something crazy
or risky it's statistically the fellows
who do it more often an article
published in the Harvard Business Review
summarized over 20 years of research on
this topic it explained that the love
for risk-taking gets even more intense
in men under stress women who are
stressed out tend to play it safe
ten men have a better sense of direction
this old gender cliche is officially
backed up by science
a recent study conducted by the neuro
scientists at the Norwegian University
of Science and Technology has proven
that males do better at tasks requiring
spatial awareness like finding away
thanks to a more developed sense of
direction eighteen men now performed 18
females in a virtual maze while wearing
3d goggles the researchers believe it's
because men tend to move in the general
direction of the endpoint or destination
the starting point and surroundings
don't matter as much to them hunting
fighting and battles and other
activities men engaged in centuries ago
might be the reason for that 9 women are
better at multitasking
a study by researchers from the
University of Glasgow Hertfordshire and
Leeds proved that women are better at
multitasking than men representatives of
both sexes took part in the experiment
where they were asked to play a computer
game with constant rapid change of
surroundings this change didn't affect
the females much but slowed the male
participants down a bit
the second simulation was looking for
lost keys in a field finding restaurants
on a map and answering general knowledge
questions while talking on the phone
again the ladies did better than the
gentlemen lead scientist of the research
project professor gisberts to--it
believes it has to do with evolution
back in the Stone Age men were
responsible for hunting while women took
care of the home and children as well as
gathered food for the family
their mind was and still is like a huge
multi Lane interstate highway that never
quits eight women see a wider range of
colors than men it's been scientifically
proven that women can differentiate more
colors on the spectrum than their male
counterparts due to their cheeks Isreal
Abramov a psychologist and behavioural
neuroscientist at CU and wise brooklyn
college gave a group of male and female
subject a set of visual tests the women
were better at distinguishing between
the subtle shades of red yellow green
and blue that seemed to be the exact
same color through the eyes of the male
participants no wonder dudes often get
mad when a girl is trying to prove to
them that there is a difference between
purple and violet however it was the
guys that did better on the second test
which consisted of looking at white and
dark bars flickering on the screen the
men were able to see them better and
even perceive the changes in brightness
as the bars got narrower and less
distinct this proves that their eyes can
catch rapid movement better scientists
believe this once again has to do with
history and evolution male hunters had
to spot their prey moving in the
distance while the female gatherers key
skill was detecting edible plants and
berries by color 7 women have a better
sense of smell
one reason why so many girls love
flowers is that their sense of smell is
much more developed and this is because
female jeans make them more sensitive to
smells a group of scientists at the
federal University of Rio de Janeiro
studied the brains of professional cooks
and coffee tasters of both sexes and
found that women have 43% more cells in
the olfactory bulbs aka
the part of the brain that perceives
sense than men do so woman's ability to
distinguish smells better than men is
based on both emotions and cognition six
men handle sleep deprivation better than
women a Duke University study found that
men can adequately perform daily tasks
even if they didn't get enough sleep
women who were deprived of sleep felt
way more tired less enthusiastic and
showed worse results on memory and
accuracy tests this proves that men tend
to be less affected by jobs that require
night shifts 5 alcohol and women are a
heck of a mixture most women get drunk
way faster than men a lot of us have
witnessed this in person with our
friends but very few know the actual
reason for it well it's actually quite
simple the female body doesn't cope with
alcohol as well as the male body does
which is why the effect takes place
faster there's a special enzyme that
fights and destroys alcohol before it
gets into the blood women have less of
this enzyme and that's why more alcohol
gets into the bloodstream within the
same time period so there you have it
case closed
[Music]
for some women have to put a lot of
effort into going down the stairs
a lot of men out there have probably
watched a lady in heels going down the
stairs and thought why is she walking
sideways and so carefully well that's
because it's hard enough walking in the
dang things try going down some stairs
in them yeah heels are uncomfortable and
probably impractical but if a woman
wants to wear them step aside and let
her do her thing
oh and most importantly don't rush her
three men and women shake hands
differently when two men shake hands
they usually do it firmly and actually
shake their hands but when some women
shake hands they just offer their hand
but don't move it it's hard to say what
this means but maybe it's because a
handshake isn't the way women usually
choose to greet someone outside of the
professional sphere or first
acquaintances of course - men and women
look in the mirror for different reasons
a survey of 1,000 people in the UK
showed that men look in the mirror
around 23 times a day while women do it
only around 16 times not only that but
they also do it for different reasons
women usually want to check if
everything is okay with their hair body
and outfit and they tend to notice the
negative stuff even in the most perfect
look men on the contrary only see the
best in themselves so they check out
their reflection to admire their
favorite body parts the same survey
showed that 76% of all guys love their
arms most of all
one the female body changes more often
the female body is truly unique
it goes through so many more changes
during a woman's life than the male body
does during a man's life female puberty
starts a few years earlier than male
puberty plus when a girl becomes an
adult her hips become wider this happens
for one purpose only to allow enough
space for childbirth and after a woman
gives birth her body can be changed
forever as well do you agree with all
the findings mentioned in this video
feel free to speak up in the comment
section like this video to share it with
your friends so that they can take part
in the discussion too don't forget to
subscribe to our channel to be the first
to see our updates remember life is
always better on the bright side